#### Input iterators
can read elements in a sequence.
* Equality and inequality operators (==, !=) to compare two iterators.
* Prefix and postfix increment (++) to advance the iterator.
* Dereference operator (*) to read an element; dereference may appear only on the right-hand side of an assignment.
* The arrow operator (->) as a synonym for (*it).member––that is, dereference the iterator and fetch a member from the underlying object.


#### Output iterators
can write elements.
* Prefix and ppostfix increment (++) to advance the iterator.
* Dereference (*), which may appear only as the left-hand side of an assignment (Assingning to a dereferenced output iterator writes to the underlying element.).


#### Forward iterators
can read and write a given sequence.  They move in only one direction through the sequence.
* Support all the operations of both input iterators and output iterators.
* Moreover, they can read or write the same element multiple times. Hence, algorithms that use forward iterators may make multiple passes through the sequence.


#### Bidirectional iterators
can read and write a sequence forward or backword.
* Support all the operations of a forward iterator.
* Also support the prefix and postfix decrement (--) operators.


#### Randon-access iterators
provide constant-time access to any position in the sequence.
* Support all the functionality of bidirectional iterators.
* The relational operators (<, <=, >, and >=) to compare the relative positions of two iterators.
* Addition and subtraction operators (+, +=, -, and -=) on an iterator and an integral value. The result is the iterator advanced (or retreated) the integral number of elements within the sequence.
* The subtraction operator (-) when applied to two iterators, which yields the distance between two iterators.
* The subscript operator (iter[n]) as a synonym for *(iter+n).